alright so bro and I are on the way into
the overwatch League studios right now
but we're not time my overwatch League
all right I decided if I have a sit Los
Angeles traffic's so much why not and by
the way I'm going down some weird
neighborhood if I have to sit in traffic
so much or in the car so much to get
anywhere in the city why not use this as
an opportunity to have a conversation
with you about something that's been on
my mind but maybe it's just like not
worth you know going through the trouble
of setting everything up whenever I am
possibly stuck in traffic alright so one
thing that I have in my mind recently is
this attitude about League of Legends
because there seems to be and I saw this
in the Starcraft 2 community whenever
League of Legends came out a sense of
like if your game is not on top you have
to talk about how it's dying and how you
hate it how you hate this game how it's
so frustrating how designers are so bad
etc etc and I am NOT saying that if your
first trip with a game that you
shouldn't say something I actually think
that if you're frustrated with the game
you should say something you should say
something constructively about how
you're frustrated with the design or how
do you think something should be done
differently whatever all that is great
I'm getting out of the way so that this
car can scoot by I think that if you're
frustrated that you should voice those
concerns constructively if you are
saying things like I hate this game this
game is not funny anymore etc I don't
understand why you don't just stop
playing the game there are so many
wonderful games out there that are free
to play that you you can choose instead
so things like fortnight as an example
you know role of Warcraft has a
free-to-play component before level 20
dota 2
you could try do two hearthstone is
free-to-play I you actually have to
spend money actually have any good
moments in that game but it is
technically free-to-play so for me it's
a big thing of you know why complain if
you are not having fun don't play the
game League of Legends unless you are
playing it professionally or you have to
do something about it for work and my
opinion it should always be played as a
way to have fun
and if you're not having fun if you're
not enjoying it you're gonna end up
ruining everybody else's time and you're
gonna make a lot of people miserable
along with you which by the way
increases the likelihood that other
people aren't gonna enjoy it that's part
of the reason I'm doing this video is
because I feel like the people that are
having a bad time of the game are more
likely to avoid frustration to be
annoyed etc which will discourage other
people from playing a game that'll have
a kind of this rollover effect where a
ton of people just aren't happy with the
game anymore because they're facing
people who are frustrated and toxic and
shitty and that's how that goes now as
for League of Legends dying I don't know
the player numbers I don't know anything
I actually feel like a lot of people
wouldn't be saying this if Fortnight
wasn't number one right now I feel like
it's really easy to say you know it's
easy to feel like your game is dying
whenever it's been on top for years and
years and years and is no longer on top
I think if you look at it league is
still by far the number one most watched
esport at least in the West and I don't
see that changing anytime soon until a
fortnight really finalizes what their
eSports stuff looks like and by the way
even then like your number two by a
longshot
so I IX I think like the term dying is
so dramatic it makes it sound like you
know it's just falling apart at the
seams and that's not the experience that
I seem to be having with the game that's
not what I see there's still a ton of
people that watch my content that watch
LCS that get excited about this stuff
and there's still a lot of very
passionate people out there and then
there's gonna be for years and years to
come so dying is such an overdramatic
thing I think yes maybe maybe fortnight
is huge now and so it dwarfs League of
Legends in terms of the amount of time
people are watching it on Twitch and the
viewership that people are getting on
YouTube with fortnight videos etc that
doesn't mean that League of Legends is
dead so all this kind of like raining
down and negativity and and all that
stuff I think it's just
disappointing for me to see it it ruins
it for the people that are having a good
time and I just hope that like if you
don't like this game anymore if it's not
for you that is absolutely fine a lot of
people in playing this game for many
many years go take a break
decide that you don't want to play it
anymore do something else you're gonna
have a better time and by the way the
people that are playing the game with
you are also gonna have a better time
too so that's my piece I hope you
enjoyed it
and if you like this video feel free to
hit up the links in the description
because that stuff really helps me and
shorter videos like this don't do so
well on YouTube these days all right
we're done but you can you can put it
down stop filming me